Enhance include_attrs type (#1110)
xcube-dev/xcube: CHANGES.md

     # Filesystem-specific storage options   
     # StorageOptions: ...
  ```
* The `get_data_ids()` method in `DataStore` has an enhanced `include_attrs` parameter. 

>   Previously accepting only `Containers[str]`, it now also supports a `boolean` value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously accepting only `Container[str]`, it now also supports a `bool` value. 
```

>   Setting `include_attrs` to `True` retrieves all attributes of the data_ids.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Setting `include_attrs` to `True` retrieves all attributes of the data_ids.
  
* Updated dependency `urllib3` to be `>=2.0`.
```
